# Taxonomy

Please find the data definitions for attributes used in our APIs, along with an attribute description for each.

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="267"></th><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Attribute Name</strong></td><td><strong>Attribute Description</strong></td></tr><tr><td>consent / consent</td><td>An enum to accept or decline offers, proposals, or connections received by the recipient. <br><br>The enum values are (Accept, Decline)</td></tr><tr><td>contact_id / contactId</td><td>Unique identifier for the connection when an identity has established a connection with another identity. <br><br>These peer identities are referred to as contacts.</td></tr><tr><td>credential_attributes / credentialAttributes</td><td>This is the array of attribute names and values. The attribute names are pulled from the credential being offered by the Issuer to the Holder.</td></tr><tr><td>credential_id / credentialId</td><td>Unique identifier of the credential stored in the wallet of the Holder</td></tr><tr><td>cred_offer_id / credOfferId</td><td>Unique identifier of the credential offer sent by the Issuer / ID of the credential offer received by the Holder</td></tr><tr><td>cred_present_id / credPresentId</td><td>Unique identifier of the credential presentation sent by the Holder to the Verifier</td></tr><tr><td>cred_proposal_id / credProposalId</td><td>Unique identifier of the credential proposal sent by the Holder to the Issuer</td></tr><tr><td>decline_reason / declineReason</td><td>Reason for declining an offer</td></tr><tr><td>did_method / didMethod</td><td>Method of the DID for an Issuer, Verifier, or Holder.<br><br>Allowed values: did:sov, did:web</td></tr><tr><td>error / error</td><td>Standardized status of the response body for series 300, 400, and 500 responses</td></tr><tr><td>given_name / givenName</td><td>The name or label the invitee gives to the inviter / recipient when the invitee sends an invitation, credential offer, or proof request that is Out-of-band. This will also be used when the recipient accepts the Out-of-band invitation it gives to the Out-of-band invitation invitee</td></tr><tr><td>invitation_id / invitationId</td><td>Unique identifier for the invitation an identity has sent to another identity to establish a connection</td></tr><tr><td>issuer_did / issuerDID</td><td>The DID of the Issuer who can issue a verifiable credential</td></tr><tr><td>limit / limit</td><td>Maximum number of records in a page</td></tr><tr><td>lob_display_name / lobDisplayName</td><td>Display name used for the LOB</td></tr><tr><td>lob_email / lobEmail</td><td>Email address provided for the LOB</td></tr><tr><td>lob_id / lobId</td><td>Unique identifier for the LOB</td></tr><tr><td>lob_organization_name / lobOrganizationName</td><td>Name of the organization registering for the LOB</td></tr><tr><td>lob_protocol / lobProtocol</td><td>Protocol of the LOB.<br><br>Allowed values: AIP2_0, OID4VC</td></tr><tr><td>lob_role / lobRole</td><td>Role of the LOB.<br><br>Allowed values: Issuer, Holder, Verifier</td></tr><tr><td>lob_tenancy / lobTenancy</td><td>Tenancy of the LOB's agent. If the LOB has it's own agent, this is a single tenant. If the LOB uses an agent that others also use, this is a multi-tenant.<br><br>Allowed values: SINGLE, MULTI_TENANT</td></tr><tr><td>long_url / longUrl</td><td><p></p><p>The URL can be of three types:</p><ol start="1"><li>Long invitation URL that an inviter can send to the invitee</li><li>Long credential offer URL an Issuer can send to a recipient</li><li>Long proof request URL that a Verifier can send to the Holder</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>message / message</td><td>Standardized description of the response body for series 200, 300, 400, and 500 responses</td></tr><tr><td>message_protocol / messageProtocol</td><td>The protocol in which the message should be sent. This is specified by the sender of the message</td></tr><tr><td>page / page</td><td>Specify the page number for which the records have to be returned to the client</td></tr><tr><td>pagination_meta / paginationMeta</td><td><p>The meta data corresponding to records returned by a GET method. The data included are:</p><p><code>"meta": { "totalItems": 95, "itemCount": 5, "itemsPerPage": 10, "totalPages": 10, "currentPage": 10 }</code></p></td></tr><tr><td>proof_cred_format / proofCredFormat</td><td>Credential format of the proof request.<br><br>Allowed values: ANONCREDS, JSON-LD</td></tr><tr><td>proof_id / proofId</td><td>Unique identifier of the created proof request</td></tr><tr><td>proof_name / proofName</td><td>Name of the proof request</td></tr><tr><td>proof_purpose / proofPurpose</td><td>Purpose of the proof request</td></tr><tr><td>proof_request_id / proofRequestId</td><td>Unique identifier of the proof request received by the Holder / Unique identifier of the proof request sent by the Verifier</td></tr><tr><td>publicDID / public_DID</td><td>Public DID of the Issuer, Verifier, or Holder</td></tr><tr><td>recipient_email / recipientEmail</td><td>This email address is used to send invitations, credential offers, and proof requests that are out-of-band.<br><br>This will also be used when registering and creating the LOB.</td></tr><tr><td>recipient_protocol / recipientProtocol</td><td>The protocol on which the recipient can receive messages from the peer</td></tr><tr><td>requested_attributes / requestedAttributes</td><td>Includes array of attributes and list of restrictions</td></tr><tr><td>requested_predicates / requestedPredicates</td><td>Includes array of attributes and list of restrictions</td></tr><tr><td>response_details / responseDetails</td><td>Standardized response details of the response body for series 200 responses</td></tr><tr><td>retain_connection / retainConnection</td><td>When receiving an out-of-band invitation, credential offer, or proof request, you may decide whether or not you wish to retain the connection with the sender.<br><br>Allowed values: true, false</td></tr><tr><td>schema_id / schemaId</td><td>Identifier of the schema</td></tr><tr><td>search / search</td><td>Specify a search filter criteria based on which records are retrieved (i.e. “Toronto”). <br><br>The search filter is applied on all columns of the records.</td></tr><tr><td>short_Url / shortUrl</td><td><p></p><p>The URL can be of three types:</p><ol start="1"><li>Short invitation URL that the inviter can send to the invitee</li><li>Short credential offer URL that an Issuer can send to a recipient</li><li>Short proof request URL that a Verifier can send to a Holder</li></ol></td></tr><tr><td>state / state</td><td><p>Specify a state to filter criteria based on which records are retrieved (i.e. “proposal-sent”). <br><br>The status is specific to what records are being retrieved (i.e. credential offers, proof requests, etc).</p><p><br>State also returns the state of invitation or credential exchange interaction with the peer identity.</p></td></tr><tr><td>socket_id / socketId</td><td>Unique identifier created between the Enterprise API and client to send notifications</td></tr><tr><td>status_code / statusCode</td><td>Standardized status code of the response body for series 300, 400, and 500 responses</td></tr><tr><td>success / success</td><td>Should be “true” in the response body for series 200 responses</td></tr><tr><td>their_did / theirDID</td><td>The DID of the invitee to whom the connection invitation has to be sent. <br><br>The DID of the recipient to whom the credential offer or proof request has been sent. <br><br>The DID must be a public DID.</td></tr><tr><td>their_label / theirLabel</td><td>The label the Out-of-band invitation recipient receives along with the invitation URL</td></tr><tr><td>transaction_id / transactionId</td><td>Unique identifier of the request to create the LOB</td></tr><tr><td>write_ledger_id / writeLedgerId</td><td>Identifier of the ledger on which the DID schema or credential definition resides.<br><br>In the case of did:sov, this is where the public DID resides.<br>In the case of Anoncreds, this is the ledger on which the credential and definition resides.</td></tr></tbody></table>

\
